[Serving] Add `ChoiceByField` Step (#8670)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/serving/available-steps.md

| Class name                                                 | Description                                                                                                   |   
|------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| {py:class}`~mlrun.feature_store.steps.FeaturesetValidator` | Validate feature values according to the feature set validation policy. Supported also by the Pandas engines. | 

> | {py:class}`~mlrun.serving.steps.ChoiceByField`             | Adding logic to `Choice`. receive a name of field from which to extract the route path.                       | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| {py:class}`~mlrun.serving.steps.ChoiceByField`             | Routes events to downstream steps based on an event field that contains the step name or names. | 
```
